[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1993 stop-motion animated
musical The Nightmare Before Christmas
so let's get started the film opens in
Halloweentown a fantasy world filled
with all the monsters associated with
the holiday Jack Skellington leads them
in the annual Halloween celebration Jack
however has secretly become bored with
the routine of Halloween and wants to do
something new after wandering into the
woods he stumbles upon doors leading to
various holidays and enters the portal
to Christmas town in off Christmas towns
wonders he returns to Halloween Town to
share his findings he decides that the
citizens of Halloweentown should take
over Christmas for this year jack
assigns the citizens various christmas
themed jobs Sally a woman who is
secretly in love with Jack has visions
of their celebration turning into a
disaster Jack has Santa Claus kidnapped
believing that he is giving Santa the
year off Santa is delivered to Aggie
boogie who tortures and torments Santa
which Jack is unaware of Sally attempts
to rescue Santa but she is captured as
well Jack leaves and delivers his
Halloween themed Christmas gifts which
terrify and attack people the military
shoot down Jack who crashes into the
cemetery he boom owns his failure but
then realizes he enjoyed his experience
and this has reignited his love for
Halloween Jack returns to OGIS lair to
save Santa bogey tries to kill Jack but
Jack unravels the cloth surrounding his
massive hollow bugs which fall into a
cauldron defeating Oogie Jack apologizes
to Santa and Santa leaves to fix things
the townspeople Halloweentown celebrate
Jack's survival and Santa visits and
makes it snow there as the film ends
Jack and Sally declare their love for
each other so that was spoilers for The
Nightmare Before Christmas if you have
another film you'd like to see you spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]